today we'll be doing a physics
experiment regarding the refraction of
light in water and air first thing
you'll need is a tin pan a penny and a
glass of water the first thing you're
going to do is put the penny in the tin
pan like so as I move up closer you can
barely see the penny now is in the Far
Away it disappears and now what the
light is going to do as I pour the water
into the tin pan it's going to refract
and the image of the penny will be shown
through a parent depth in the pan now
without even moving there's the penny
now apparent depth is regarding two
different things it regards the height
and the reflection of the refraction
angle of the image and pretty soon i
will show you an equation about how to
do so in solving our problem guarding
apparent death
so this is the part where we solve a
problem using the apparent depth
equation the apparent depth equation is
n1 times sine of theta is equal to n2
times the sine of theta ok now the N
stands for the index of refraction and
you don't really have to know the
individual indexes of refraction but for
just for reference and like all purpose
air the airs index of refraction is
equal to 1.00 and you can look up the
other ones such as like water and crown
glass and quartz just as easily as you
could water ok so to start off the
problem we'll have a man looking down
into water so there's the man's I ok
there's his eye and he's looking down
into water so we'll draw that ok that's
enough water and then he's got lv about
30 degrees they'll tell you all this in
the problem and then so the first thing
you're going to do is draw the normal
which the normal is just a line just for
reference to make with the angle so i
drew it over here to make it more clear
but you can easily draw it here so you
can see that this is a 30-degree angle
right there ok so the first thing you're
going to do because we all know that
this is air this is going to be water
the index of refraction over here is
1.00 and if we look it up in the book
over here the index of refraction for
water water is 1.33
okay so plug those numbers into the
equation it's that simple okay so you
have to take the corresponding angles
and the corresponding indexes of
refraction so what you're going to do so
n 1 that'll be air so 1.00 times the
sine of 30 degrees okay and then that is
going to be equal to water which is 1.33
and then times sine of theta you don't
know if ADA because we're going to be
solving for the envelope refraction
that's formed or so the first step
you're going to do is find the sine of
30 degrees which is 0 point 5 so point 5
1 times 0 point 5 it's going to be point
5 so next up we're going to do is divide
point 5 by 1.33 to solve for the sine of
theta so okay well now we'll go over
here because we're running out of room
over there it's point 3759 and that's
going to be equal to the sine of theta
so now what you're going to do is go on
your calculator and press the second
button and press the sign and press
Enter well you actually don't really
have to press ENTER on my calculator
that comes about to be 22 point 0 8 is
equal to theta that's going to be in
degrees so let's round it to three
significant figures so that'll be 20 2.1
degrees is equal to theta that'll be
your refraction angle and that's how you
solve for a parent depth